Add test (#4)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-spotify: ballerina/tests/README.md

# Running Tests

## Prerequisites

> You need a bearer token and a Access token from Spotify developer account.
> 
> And You need Find Your User ID For run some of the tests.
> Via This Website you can find it [Spotify ID Finder](https://developer.spotify.com/documentation/web-api/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A Bearer Token and an Access Token from your Spotify Developer account are required.
- You will also need your User ID for certain tests. Use the [Spotify ID Finder (https://developer.spotify.com/documentation/web-api/) to locate it.
```

# Running Tests

> Run bal test command to start test.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the following command to start running tests.
```

Adding tests for get methods
1. Albums
2. Artist
//3. AudioBooks {"audiobooks":[null,null,null]}
4. Browse Categories
//5. Chapters{"error": {"status": 404, "message": "Resource not found" } }
//6. Episode
7. Markets
8. Playlist
//9. Shows{"error": {"status": 404, "message": "Resource not found" } }
10. Tracks
11. User
12. AlbumTracks
13. ArtistId
14. ArtistsAlbum

> 15. Category

Reviewer 2: @Sachindu-Nethmin we should follow the same tests README structure used by other connectors. (e.g. https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-twitter/blob/main/ballerina/tests/README.md)

# Running Tests

## Prerequisites
You need a bearer token and a Access token from Spotify developer account.

And You need Find Your User ID For run some of the tests.
Via This Website you can find it [Spotify ID Finder](https://developer.spotify.com/documentation/web-api/).

# Running Tests

There are two test environments for running the Spotify connector tests. The default test environment is the mock server for Spotify API. The other test environment is the actual Spotify API. 

You can run the tests in either of these environments and each has its own compatible set of tests.

 Test Groups | Environment                                       
-------------|---------------------------------------------------
 mock_tests  | Mock server for Spotify API (Defualt Environment) 

>  live_tests  | Spotify API                                       

Reviewer: I don't see two test groups likes this?

## Running Tests in the Mock Server

To execute the tests on the mock server, ensure that the `IS_LIVE_SERVER` environment variable is either set to `false` or unset before initiating the tests. 

This environment variable can be configured within the `Config.toml` file located in the tests directory or specified as an environmental variable.

#### Using a Config.toml File

Create a `Config.toml` file in the tests directory and the following content:

```toml
isLiveServer = false
```

#### Using Environment Variables

Alternatively, you can set your authentication credentials as environment variables:
If you are using linux or mac, you can use following method:
```bash

>    export IS_LIVE_SERVER=false

Reviewer: Could you explain what this is? `IS_LIVE_SERVER`.
